Documentation for receiving of custom properties from IoT Hub through endpoint that is compatible with Event Hubs (#3267)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-azure-eventhubs.md

  'traceparent': '00-4655608164bc48b985b42d39865f3834-ed6cf3697c86e7bd-01'
}
```
## Subscribing to Application Properties (enriched messages) from an Event hub

> It possible to get application properties (enriched messages) from an Event Hub by declaratively adding the `requireAllProperties` metadata entry to subscription specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to get application properties (enriched messages) from an Event Hub by declaratively adding the `requireAllProperties` metadata entry to the subscription specification.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v2alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: order-pub-sub
spec:
  topic: orders
  routes: 
    default: /checkout
  pubsubname: order-pub-sub
  metadata:
     requireAllProperties: "true"
scopes:
- orderprocessing
- checkout
```

> This ensures enriched messages containing additional properties are forwarded as headers. For example, the device-to-cloud events created by Azure IoT Hub devices can contain user defined additional [IoT Hub Application Properties](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-messages-construct#application-properties-of-d2c-iot-hub-messages). The Azure Event Hubs pub/sub component for Dapr returns the following as part of the response metadata (in this example, `iothub-creation-time-utc` is application property):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding this metadata entry ensures enriched messages containing additional properties are forwarded as headers. For example, the device-to-cloud events created by Azure IoT Hub devices can contain extra user-defined [IoT Hub Application Properties](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-messages-construct#application-properties-of-d2c-iot-hub-messages). The Azure Event Hubs pub/sub component for Dapr returns the following as part of the response metadata (in this example, `iothub-creation-time-utc` is the application property):
```

> This ensures enriched messages containing additional properties are forwarded as headers. For example, the device-to-cloud events created by Azure IoT Hub devices can contain user defined additional [IoT Hub Application Properties](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-messages-construct#application-properties-of-d2c-iot-hub-messages), and the Azure Event Hubs pubsub component for Dapr will return the following as part of the response metadata ( in this example `iothub-creation-time-utc` is application property ):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures enriched messages containing additional properties are forwarded as headers. For example, the device-to-cloud events created by Azure IoT Hub devices can contain user defined additional [IoT Hub Application Properties](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-messages-construct#application-properties-of-d2c-iot-hub-messages). The Azure Event Hubs pub/sub component for Dapr returns the following as part of the response metadata (in this example, `iothub-creation-time-utc` is application property):
```
